Add Quarkus Insights Lab MVC on Quarkus Web guide (#43205)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/web.adoc

}
----

> For a thorough introduction to Quarkus Web, check out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNmHNSmK180[Quarkus Insights Episode #178]. In it, Andy Damevin and Matheus Cruz provide a hands-on demonstration of creating a CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Check out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNmHNSmK180[Quarkus Insights Episode #178]. First part is a hands-on demonstration of creating a CMS with Renarde. You can also give it a try using https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus-web-lab[the web-lab repo]).
```

Reviewer: @mcruzdev 👆
